Hello Bubby,

All this began with a simple "Hi" without any particular reason. Our interactions started with simple talk, and gradually, it grew beyond what we had expected. These simple talks began to develop into deep and serious conversations, which are tough to define at times. In essence, one simple talk led to a chance connection, which later formed the basis of a strong connection between two individuals who found solace in each other. Over time, our talks grew from simple ones to more meaningful discussions. We developed a relationship where one could vent problems while the other would listen patiently and offers comfort. While this may sound quite cringe, this made us realize that it was not just random chats, there was something developing in between which needs to nurture and cherish, some difficulties and differences along the way due to different personalities. Rather than becoming a conflict these differences helped us build a stronger bridge that connected us in ways that neither of us anticipated when that simple "Hi" happened. Although it seems like a little gesture, it is an example of the extent to which we were both adjusted for each other. Constantly assuring each other that everything was okay was necessary to sustain the connection in spite of the challenges we faced due to distance. It is natural to be doubtful and to think too much about things specially with such a situation as long distance thing yet it is clear that such problems can only be overcome through adjustment and patience once both individual work on it together. It is amazing that we are able to remain in contact despite the fact that there are misunderstandings that might occur. Sometimes it takes time before we actually have a talk and sort everything out, but we always make it happen once we are in a good state of mind to do so. Conflicts help us understand how important communication to express ourselves properly and voicing out things that upsets us rather than keeping them inside. In the end, nothing is being lost when we choose to set aside our pride for the person we truly cherish instead, it strengthens the connection, teaching us patience, understanding, and the value of meeting each other halfway. Going above and beyond in things that are outside of my control is not a matter of duty or favor. This is something that I am choosing to do for you because you deserve it. You deserve the right to feel like an individual who should never have to compete against another person and even compare yourself to anyone else. You deserve to be heard in times where no one else will listen to you. You deserve to be seen. You are valid and always worthy of everything. In this world full of "It is what it is", do always remember that "You are worth to risk".

"God knows the right time, the right place, the right person, and the right answer to your prayers."

And there are times when you ask yourself why nothing is happening yet, why your prayer of love, your prayer of opportunities, your prayer of breakthroughs has been postponed. However, as time passes by, you come to see that everything that was withheld was actually withheld for a reason. (Ecclesiastes 3:11)

"Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things."
(1 Corinthians 13:6–7 ESV)

Simply means that love isn't just sunshine and rainbows; it also entails the willingness to stick around when things start to go away. It endures all things, not only does it accept struggles and difficulties, but it accepts its partner's weaknesses and flaws, as well. It believes all things, not only does it believe in itself and its own strength, but it also believes in its partner, even when he or she fails to live up to expectations. It hopes all things not only does it hope for its own future happiness, but it hopes for its partner's future happiness, too. And it endures all things it doesn't give up at the first sign of trouble, but it persists through every storm, every trial, and every hardship.

"May the Lord keep watch between you and me, when we are away from each other."
(Genesis 31:49)

Distance is tough, not being able to see the person we love everyday, maintaining a relationship when apart from one another, or just being in a phase where we don't get to see each other much anymore. There would be instances when we want to be there for the other person because we want to provide protection and comfort. However, what this verse does is gently let us know that although we are unable to do so, God can do that for us and for our significant other. It tells us that the Lord sees both of us, takes care of both of our hearts, and closes the physical gap brought upon by distance. It's almost as if saying, "I may not be here at all times, but you're never without a protector and guide because He is with you wherever I can no longer be."

As stated in 1 Peter 4:8 "Love without conditions", real love doesn't mean "If… I'll love you." instead it is selecting someone in spite of all these difficulties: despite it being a hassle; despite their imperfections; and despite the situation being hard. It involves tolerating and understanding the other person, no matter how difficult that may be. It shows up every day, despite being hurt, misunderstood, disappointed, and exhausted. Because it isn't fragile, fickle, or fleeting. It stands the test of time and trials. And yes, I do feel like having you in my life is a blessing, since sharing my life with you has made it that much easier to live and enjoy. It is much easier for people to live their lives when they have someone else supporting them. This means that two individuals together will do things faster, motivate each other, and deal with difficulties that might seem insurmountable on their own.

The amount of thoughts that have been going through my mind lately includes a lot of things, but one thought that has been constantly occupying my heart is my gratitude towards you. It is something that I may not tell you often, but you mean a lot to me and your presence in my life means a lot. There is so much about you that I love, from the simple things to the big things. You've made my life so warm and joyful that I feel very blessed that I've met you not by choice, instead by chance. You have given me so many reasons to keep going forward that I feel lucky just to have you around. All you have done for me reminds me a lot and surely to be cherished. Those times when we were alone, when we laughed out loud, and even sleeping on our cellphone. It all wasn't just for fun. It meant a lot to me, especially those instances where we revealed parts of ourselves to one another. They had a certain authenticity about them that I will never forget. And those phone calls, you made them so memorable for me. I could talk with you for hours, yet they seemed like only a minute went by because it was such an enjoyable experience. Being with you, even through a screen, was always something I looked forward to. Each time you come to my mind, I catch myself silently thanking God for you. You are one individual who can inject warmth, peace, and joy into the lives of people yet, you have managed to do that in mine. You are more than precious to me as you are a valuable gem. All your little quirks, the feelings you instill within me, and our wonderful memories will always be with me. It is not enough for me to just remember you. It is about being thankful to you. Each and every time. Thank you for your patience, compassion, understanding, and decision to show up in my life. Thank you for making me feel safe, for putting a smile on my face, and for simply brightening my life just by being around. I can't thank you enough for the blessing you've been in my life. To blew these things up, I'm extremely thankful that it is YOU 💛