Hello Bubby,

The whole thing got started with such a "Hi" not prompted by anything significant. What were supposed to be casual talks turned out to be more important than either of us could expect at first. The innocent chitchatting gradually transformed into profound discussions and exchanges which brought us comfort, harmony, and understanding. With time going on, we grew closer, developing an intimate bond where one would pour his/her problems out and listen to the comforting words. I might admit it looks somewhat corny but it really made us understand that what we were experiencing was more than just casual discussions. There was some true connection that should have been appreciated. It is clear that our relationship was complicated with all sorts of misunderstanding due to the difference in personalities and even distance between us. However, rather than breaking the bond, this experience helped to develop our patience, adjustment ability, and tolerance towards each other. We learned that communication plays an extremely significant role when we are having a hard time. There will be times when misunderstandings will take some time to get resolved, yet we always discuss everything after calming down.In the end, putting pride aside for the person that you really love will not harm the bond at all but make it stronger because it shows both individuals how to compromise amidst all difficulties. Going beyond what is expected for you is never something I do out of obligation. I choose to do it because you deserve it. You deserve to feel valued without comparing yourself to anyone else. You deserve to be heard, understood, and appreciated for who you are. In a world full of “It is what it is,” always remember this: you are someone worth choosing and worth the risk.

"God knows the right time, the right place, the right person, and the right answer to your prayers."

And there are times when you ask yourself why nothing is happening yet, why your prayer of love, your prayer of opportunities, your prayer of breakthroughs has been postponed. However, as time passes by, you come to see that everything that was withheld was actually withheld for a reason. (Ecclesiastes 3:11)


"May the Lord keep watch between you and me, when we are away from each other."
(Genesis 31:49)

Distance is tough, not being able to see the person we love everyday, maintaining a relationship when apart from one another, or just being in a phase where we don't get to see each other much anymore. There would be instances when we want to be there for the other person because we want to provide protection and comfort. However, what this verse does is gently let us know that although we are unable to do so, God can do that for us and for our significant other. It tells us that the Lord sees both of us, takes care of both of our hearts, and closes the physical gap brought upon by distance. It's almost as if saying, "I may not be here at all times, but you're never without a protector and guide because He is with you wherever I can no longer be."

Just as written in 1 Peter 4:8, “Love each other deeply,” true love should never be conditioned. True love never says, “If this occurs, I will love you.” Rather, it is about picking someone regardless of the obstacles, problems, and complications. Being patient and accepting are some of the elements of true love. Keeps on showing up every single day irrespective of pain, misunderstandings, disappointments, or exhaustion. 

The amount of thoughts that have been going through my mind lately includes a lot of things, but one thought that has been constantly occupying my heart is my gratitude towards you. It is something that I may not tell you often, but you mean a lot to me and your presence in my life means a lot. There is so much about you that I love, from the simple things to the big things. You've made my life so warm and joyful that I feel very blessed that I've met you not by choice, instead by chance. You have given me so many reasons to keep going forward that I feel lucky just to have you around. All you have done for me reminds me a lot and surely to be cherished. Those times when we were alone, when we laughed out loud, and even sleeping on our cellphone. It all wasn't just for fun. It meant a lot to me, especially those instances where we revealed parts of ourselves to one another. They had a certain authenticity about them that I will never forget. And those phone calls, you made them so memorable for me. I could talk with you for hours, yet they seemed like only a minute went by because it was such an enjoyable experience. Being with you, even through a screen, was always something I looked forward to. Each time you come to my mind, I catch myself silently thanking God for you. You are one individual who can inject warmth, peace, and joy into the lives of people yet, you have managed to do that in mine. You are more than precious to me as you are a valuable gem. All your little quirks, the feelings you instill within me, and our wonderful memories will always be with me. It is not enough for me to just remember you. It is about being thankful to you. Each and every time. Thank you for your patience, compassion, understanding, and decision to show up in my life. Thank you for making me feel safe, for putting a smile on my face, and for simply brightening my life just by being around. I can't thank you enough for the blessing you've been in my life. To blew these things up, I'm extremely thankful that it is YOU 💛